feat(ipam): add doc for new IPAM product (#3287)
scaleway/docs-content: network/vpc/concepts.mdx

## IPAM

**IP** **A**ddress **M**anager (IPAM) is Scaleway's tool for planning, tracking and managing the IP address space of Scaleway products. It acts as a single source of truth for the IP addresses of Scaleway resources. See our [dedicated IPAM documentation](/network/ipam/) for full information.

## IPv4

> Internet Protocol Version 4 is the standard protocol used for IP addresses. Composed of 32 bits, when written in human-readable form an IPv4 address is generally shown as four octets separated by periods, e.g. `72.16.254.1`.

Reviewer: Same comment as above

> Internet Protocol Version 4 is the standard protocol used for IP addresses. Composed of 32 bits, when written in human-readable form an IPv4 address is generally shown as four octets separated by periods, e.g. `72.16.254.1`.

Author: ```suggestion
Internet Protocol Version 4 is the standard protocol used for IP addresses. Composed of 32 bits, when written in human-readable form an IPv4 address is generally shown as four octets separated by periods, e.g. `151.115.59.87`.
```
